1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
	public: can be access from anywhere
	protected internal: same as public but without the capability to be used in a non-derived class in a different assembly
	protected: same as public but without the capability to be used in a non-derived class in the same assembly
	internal: same as public but without the capability to be used in a derived class in a different assembly 
	private protected: Can be used within the class and derived classes
	private: only accessible in the class in context
2. What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
	static: is a shared value between different instances of a class
	const: constant at compile time
	readonly: constant at runtime
3. What does a constructor do?
	A constructor is a special method in which creates an instance of the class
4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
	It lets us able to have multiple people modify the same class without having to resort to the same file.
	This is useful for avoiding merge conflicts when using Git.
5. What is a tuple?
	A tuple is a group of values grouped into a single entity.
6. What does the C# record keyword do?
	It lets us define a reference type, which provides built-in functionality for encapsulating data
7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
	Overloading lets us have the same function name but with different parameters to be able to change implementation
	Overriding lets us change the implentation from what is implemented on the base class to its child class.
8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
	fields hold the value, properties will not affect the underlying field.
9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
	params
10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
	An interface is a blueprint of a class. 
	It is different from abstract classes in that an interface must have public methods and values, while abstract classes are not limited to this.
11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
	public
12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations of the same method.
	true
13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own implementation of a method.
	false. 
14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is providing its own implementation of a method.
	false
15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 
	true
16. True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
	false
17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. 
	true
18. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
	true
19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the base class.
	true
20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an implementation for all of the members of the interface.
	false
21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that aren’t defined in the interface.
	true
22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
	true
23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
	true